to the Yawa blog.
I am your host, Craig Wynn.
We're here in the library studio,
and we have two new additions to our
library.
I'd like to show off as we begin
our program.
This happens to be the first volume of
the Yada Yawa overall series,
An Introduction to God.
It is volume one,
and you can see we now have our
new Menorah logo at the top.
here on the spine and even on the
back cover.
And so this is the most recent edition
of Yada Yawa, An Introduction to God,
Dabarim Words.
So pleased to have this done.
Thank you very much to Joe for making
that possible.
And this is the most recent
recent book that I have written.
It is like the other,
it's available free on the yadaya.com
website, yadayawa.com or yadaya.com.
And it is, as I say,
it's free in its entirety in a flip
book format,
which is really nice to read both on
a phone or
on a laptop or on a tablet or
whatever it is that you like to use
to browse electronic files.
This is the ninth volume of the Yada
Yawa series.
It's called Etzerah.
That's the time of trouble.
It addresses that seven years between
the fulfillment of Shabuwa and Yahweh and
Doge return on Kippurim so that we can
ourselves return to the garden on Sukkah.
So it's the last seven years on the
planet as we know them.
And as we know our existence here,
it's going to change dramatically.
eight years from now.
This time of trouble is only seven months
off.
So while this is future history that we're
talking about here,
it is very concurrent with our time.
It's on our immediate horizon.
We are just a matter of seven months
from beginning this last seven years,
this time of trouble.
The exact start date happens to be the
twenty-second of May.
And it runs through officially the
beginning of Chag Sukkah,
which begins on the twenty third and
twenty fourth of September,
twenty thirty three,
which is your six thousand.
Yeah.
And so in this volume,
we go through it all, including.
announcing the identity of the Antichrist.
I tell you exactly who he is.
We talk about when a fake Estonian state
is going to be imposed on Israel,
what the consequence of that's going to
be,
when the second phase of Alaska flood will
occur.
Alaska flood is what happened on October
be reprised again,
this time a thousand times worse.
I'll give you the details of that because
it was revealed in the prophets and really
everything that's going to happen when the
Torahless one known
best i guess is the uh the antichrist
this uh great deceiver uh we even talk
about when he arrives in jerusalem uh what
days and and when the two witnesses will
arrive to oppose him uh and what he
will state it's a comprehensive review of
the prophetic portrayal of the last days
and it's a uh it's a thick book
there's the spine of it back cover it's
uh eight hundred and
Twenty five pages,
which is as long a book as Amazon
will allow in terms of printing.
So that's quite a tome.
Happy to have it arrived here yesterday.
So we're indeed thrilled to be here.
to have it available at amazon.com if you
want to buy it and it's available in
its entirety for free at yadaya.com got in
a lot of heartache with amazon not too
many years ago went
They wanted to challenge the idea that I
held the copyright for all of these books,
for the Yadda Yadda series, you know,
for here's an earlier version of that
series, for Twistianity,
for the goddamn religion series of which
this is just one of five volumes.
And even though...
I am the lone author of all of
them,
even though even the translations in them
are my own,
and that they're filled with thousands of
previously unheralded insights that are
entirely my own.
They wanted to say, well,
you don't have the copyright because the
books are available free at this website.
And I had to prove to them, well,
that happens to be my website.
And since I am the author of these
books,
I am entitled to give them away free.
But then Amazon's retort was then,
why do you want us to sell them
as books if you're giving them away
entirely free?
And they had to prevail with them on
the argument.
Well, some people actually like,
including me,
to be able to hold a book.
There is something about, you know,
opening a book and being able to read
it and write in it,
which I like to do as I'm reading
books.
that isn't quite as easy to do when
you're reading things online.
It isn't as comfortable as reading things
online.
So I'm still an analog guy,
like actual books, like the way they feel.
And so to prevail,
it was interesting that we actually had to
hire an attorney to represent us to prove,
in fact, that I am the copyright holder,
that not only are they my translations and
my very unique translating style that no
one had ever used before,
and my transliterations,
which no one had ever used before,
and
My insights,
which no one ever conceived before,
and I wrote every word of them and
could supply them with the actual Word
documents that are timestamped with my
name on them.
The reason we finally prevailed is that I
ended up writing the founder of Amazon,
Jeff Bezos, a personal letter.
and explained to them the number of places
where our lives had crossed paths and what
we shared in common,
and then laid out my situation with
Amazon.
And it was immediately after writing that
letter that we were restored at Amazon
with the books.
So anyway,
it's been an interesting journey,
and now we are really pleased to be
able to have what Yahweh requested,
which is his menorah at the top of
all of these books.
Genuine pleasure to be able to represent
them as he had requested.
By introduction,
we're going to now return to Gabor.
Gabor is to be confident and to be
courageous.
It is a term that Yahweh applies to
a number of men,
but none more so than his beloved son
and our Messiah,
the former and returning king,
Doe to David.
And he is the very fellow who wrote
this psalm called Amizmor that we have
been reviewing these last couple of
programs.
Hinted both of them, interestingly enough,
on the same passage.
The twelfth verse of the thirty-third
Psalm is where we ended both.
It is an exceedingly provocative statement
that you would normally not have thought
of.
I even pondered in any of my prior
experience.
I'll read it again and we'll contemplate
the implications of it.
It reads,
For the benefit of the relationship,
ha-goi.
the non-Yisraelite,
will reveal the way to get the most
out of life.
His God is YHWH.
He has chosen and desires the family and
these people as His inheritance for
Himself."
.
Well, this, of course,
is an extraordinary declaration in so many
different ways.
One of those ways, of course,
is that God is introducing something that
heretofore you would have thought,
had we not been up to speed on
this over the last twenty years,
that God is going to salvage his
relationship with Israel,
not with a Israelite, not with a Yehudim,
but with a goy.
and not even with goyim.
Thank goodness my Yehud wife decided that
it'd be okay to be married to a
goy, well,
if that goy was devoted to Yahweh,
Yisrael, and Yehudim, and indeed he is.
I mean, that by itself is extraordinary.
Literally extraordinary.
I mean,
I don't know how we can explain this
beyond just the realization that for the
benefit of the relationship, Hagoi,
a non-Israelite,
will reveal the way to get the most
out of life.
And his God is Jehovah.
Think about that.
We go...
For the thousand years of prophecy,
beginning in fourteen forty seven B.C.E.
and the Torah being revealed by Yahweh
through Moshe at Mount Toreb and then
ongoing throughout the Exodus.
And for the thousand years after that,
every prophet is a Israelite.
Most are Yehudim.
And that period ends in four forty seven
B.C.
with Malachi, which means messenger.
And then we go at Dode's affirmation.
Dode is Gabriel,
the man who was revealing prophecy to
Daniel.
And when in the ninth chapter of that
book,
he says that what he is going to
do by fulfilling Chag Matzah, Pesach,
Matzah, and Bekut.
I mean,
he gives the exact date in thirty-three
CE, which is year four thousand YAH,
that he will do so.
There will be no more prophecy.
Indeed, there has been none.
And then God finally returns to restore
his relationship with Israel before his
return.
And, you know,
his return is not difficult to figure out,
folks.
Dode fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
and Bekudim.
In thirty three CE,
it was year four thousand.
Yeah.
So to figure out what is six thousand.
When God's going to return prior to the
beginning of the seventh millennia and our
arrival back into the garden on Sukkah.
What is.
You're six thousand YAH,
if thirty-three CE is four thousand YAH.
Twenty, thirty-three obviously.
So we know exactly when he arrived to
do these things and he said there'd be
no prophecy after that.
That means that the Talmud has no
affiliation of any kind with YAH.
It means the New Testament has no
affiliation with YAH.
Now that by itself is pretty amazing
because the only statement
in the whole of the prophets that would
suggest that there is a Masiach,
a Messiah who is going to arrive to
be cut off,
but not for himself and providing
reconciliation and to end the need for
prophecy and to purge his people once and
for all of the religious guilt.
that that very person said that because
there would be no more prophetic
revelation,
that there can be no Christian New
Testament.
The very verse that they claim validates
their religion and creates this mythos
that makes it possible for them to claim
a Christ says, nope, sorry.
There were no more prophetic revelations
from God.
People just don't read.
They don't think.
But if you did,
you could not be rational and informed and
think that there is any possibility the
Christian New Testament is true based upon
that realization.
But now...
Putting that all in perspective,
you have a thousand years of prophetic
revelation from Yahweh.
Fourteen forty seven B.C.E.
with and through Moshe during the exodus
all the way through four forty seven
B.C.E.
with the last of the prophets being
Malachi.
And nothing.
Two thousand five hundred years.
Nothing.
Exactly as Gabriel, who is Doed,
proclaimed.
And as Yahweh announced through Yahshua,
the prophet Isaiah,
he said he looked and he found no
one through whom he could communicate
because no one was willing to listen to
him, not a single Israelite or Yehud,
not one.
And so when God now is up against
it, really up against it,
because he's gonna return in,
and there's not a single Israelite outside
of those who have read these books
Who knows Yahweh's name?
They've erased Yahweh's name.
They have no idea who God is.
Not a single one of them.
Not a single one of them will recognize
Dode not only as the son of God
and the Messiah and the former and
returning king, but as their savior,
as the one who fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
and Mekotam to enable the benefits of the
covenant in thirty three C.E.
Yeah, he was the one that was.
robbed to create the myth of Jesus Christ.
He was the one who was crucified by
his own narration in the twenty-second
Mismore.
He wrote about how he would suffer
crucifixion to fulfill Pesach and how his
soul would carry our guilt into Sheol on
Pesach and Matzah in thirty-three CE in
the twenty-second psalm.
I don't know why people chose not to
believe him.
And Yahweh affirms all of this in the
eighty ninth Psalm.
So the very fact is we go.
Two thousand five hundred years with
without God speaking through anyone.
And we're within now just eight years of
his return and his people don't know him
anymore.
His people don't know that Dode is their
savior, that he is.
They don't even know his name.
They call him David.
None of them will recognize him as the
Messiah and the son of God who is
their savior or that he is the returning
king.
The greatest discovery in human history
was right out there in the open.
And if you can't process that,
then you're just not in a position where
you can capitalize on what God is
offering.
You don't know that the Shabuwa harvest of
standing grain is going to occur on
Shabuwa.
You don't know how Shabuwa sets up this
time of Israel's troubles.
You don't know how God's going to purge
the religiosity of the final mortal
remnant of Yisrael who are prepared for
Yahweh and Dode's return on Kippurim to
enjoy a return to the garden.
You don't know any of that.
You can't capitalize any of it unless God
reintroduces his name and reestablishes
the reputation and renown of his beloved
son, Dode, to his people.
And because there were no Israelites
there,
willing to do it, able to do it,
listening to God,
because you listen to the rabbis,
they're nonsensical.
All they do is yabber about Kabbalah and
a Zohar that was written in the twelfth
century CE in Spain about nonsense
spirituality or their God-forsaken
Babylonian Talmud.
And they've created easily the dumbest and
most restrictive
And it's nothing but a money-making scam
for the rabbis.
So they can't be of any value.
They're the problem.
And so God found a goy.
He says it right here.
This is the Messiah, the returning king,
our savior,
telling you that the benefits of the
relationship are going to be revealed by a
goy.
whose God is that fellow.
And his name is that one.
And that one tells you that you should
know and be familiar with and acknowledge
Yahweh.
You're putting it together.
I mean,
just think of how profound that is.
It's one of the great statements ever.
You know,
we have a group of of nincompoops.
That's a technical term.
It means it means stupid.
who have formed a cult based upon mommy
God.
And they,
they're just absolutely enamored with the
idea that they speak for mommy God and
that mommy God somehow exists.
And that because they speak for her and
this boy who is actually revealing the
benefits of the relationship says they are
nuts.
That's also a technical term that they,
There is no mommy God that Yahweh always
refers to himself as our father,
God's father in particular.
And every reference to him is in the
masculine singular that, that,
You just can't go there.
Well,
what they want to do now is to
claim that all of these prophecies
pursuant to this goy,
who rectifies the relationship between
Yisrael and Yahweh in the end,
must not speak of anybody.
They're just metaphors that are
meaningless.
That when God says ha-goy,
he doesn't really mean ha-goy.
No, he means, well,
I don't know what he means because, well,
they seem to think that he is not
talking about a person.
I want to hear to tell you that
Hagoi is a person.
The Choder is a person.
I was having fun today with the
introduction of the Choder.
The introduction of the Choder,
just like the introduction of the Nakri,
is not actually in the place that we've
made the most,
drawn the most attention to.
The Choder is introduced by Dode,
the author of this mizmor, this psalm,
in his fourteenth word picture, or mashal,
a proverb.
And the Nakri, Ha-Nakri,
this observant foreigner,
is actually introduced by Moshe in the
twenty ninth chapter of the Badim,
should never have been called Deuteronomy.
And as I'm going through this introduction
to the Choter,
I'm reminded that the
nutsoid nincompoops that are part of this
mother goddess cult,
have now featured on their We Hate Craig
and We Disparage Yada Yawa sites that the
Choder is either speaking of the Christ or
a Messiah.
And that's pretty weird because, well,
Dode introduces this fellow and he uses
two terms to say that he is a
bull.
dode happens to be either the lamb uh
fulfilling passover or the lead ram he's
not a bull and as i was going
through just the opening of it and it
and he's using uh this uh
presenting this Choder as one who is going
to rise and roar majestically.
He says he's going to rise and roar
majestically in the midst of surging
waters.
So I was looking at the Dode's other
uses of the same word.
And sure enough,
he's talking about surging waters.
And this is the very essence of the
fulfillment of that bull's fulfillment of
Teruah when the mortal remnant of Yisrael
are purged.
And you just go through the entire thing
and it's talking about a man.
Ha-Nakri is absolutely talking about an
observant foreigner, a man.
Just no getting around it.
And Dode can't be the Nakri because, well,
he is not a foreigner.
And Dode can't be the Choder because
Choder means stem and Dode is the Shamakh,
the main branch.
But it just goes to show you how
desperate people are to try to cover over
the truth so they can pretend that they
are somehow special.
but all it does is prove that they're,
well, nincompoops,
to use the scientific term again.
So for benefit of the relationship, Asher.
Asher, of course,
is another inside term that Dode knows all
too well.
The first word that Dode wrote in his
first Mismore is Asher.
The first word I translated,
twenty-four years ago,
that led to all of these others is
Asher.
Asher is one of the more interesting of
all Hebrew words.
It is a verb.
It is a noun.
It is a proper noun.
It is a preposition.
It is this word that covers the gamut
of grammar in Hebrew.
And everything about it speaks of benefits
of a relationship.
It's one of the reasons why Asherah,
the mother god,
very cult that I am battling and that
Elia attacked.
when he was lamenting Israel's propensity
to be religious and therefore orchestrated
the sacrifice of the bull,
which he'll reprise here in eight years
from now,
that that goddess was named after this
word because this word speaks of
delivering the benefits of the
relationship.
You know,
Satan covets what's important to God.
And it's this Goy that is focused on
delivering Asher,
the benefit of the relationship.
He's going to reveal the way to get
the most out of life, Asher.
So it's two Ashers,
Aha Goy and Elohim Yahweh.
There has never been a Goy, never been,
none, throughout all of human history,
never been a Goy who did this.
Yahweh.
Never been before.
You think that's just a coincidence that
we come upon the thirty third Psalm at
this time and it speaks of a guy
who Asher Asher, whose Elohim is Yahweh.
If you want to play probabilities,
which I know is a lost art,
statistical analysis and using probability
to be rational and to be logical is
no longer practiced by most people.
And one of the great failures, I think,
in human development was the calculator.
Because what it did is rather than my
generation, which was the last,
and I was born right after the dinosaurs
went extinct, so I'm really old.
But my generation,
I'm actually seventy years old.
My generation was the last to go through
college where the only calculator was one
that had just been introduced by Texas
Instruments.
And during my college years,
it was not available in high school.
During my college years,
it was introduced for very complex
mathematical solutions.
I was actually trained on a slide rule
where you do practice the relationships
between things.
Because we had to do math in our
head,
we could automatically process the
probability or the relationship between is
this likely or unlikely in our minds.
When people went to calculators,
they stopped doing mathematical problems
in their heads.
They didn't know their multiplication
tables, and it just stopped thinking.
And it's now gotten to be exceedingly
worse than that.
And this is because with the advent of
AI,
this is the one thing that no one
other than myself is speaking about in AI.
And I've witnessed it so many times.
For example,
when this mother goddess cult wanted to
disparage the connection between the
Choder and myself in Isaiah, Isaiah,
Isaiah,
they had a chat bot
do it for them because they evidently
didn't have the processing power to even
make an attempt at it.
And the chat bot made an absolute fool
of itself because it associated the the
Choder with the Christ.
Jesus never existed.
But the reason they did so is because
people are unable to think.
the same group wanted to have,
desperate to have something that could
have been the voice of mommy God,
because it doesn't exist anywhere in the
Torah and prophets.
And so they found the hundred and fifty
fourth psalm.
which isn't in the Masoretic text.
It's found in a remote Syriac text.
Syriac is kind of an interesting language
is that it was used by the early
Christians to convey their religion to the
Arabs.
It's the reason why there is some initial
development
between spoken and written Arabic at the
time of Muhammad and the creation of
Islam.
And what it did essentially is it made
a bastardized version of Hebrew using the
same alphabet that was then bastardized
even further to create the Quran.
And it's in this Syriac text that it
is found.
And yes,
there is a copy of it among the
Dead Sea Scrolls,
but there are copies of thousands of
documents in the Dead Sea Scrolls that
don't belong.
And they made exactly the same mistake.
This woman had a chat bot translated for
her,
and she came to the conclusion that it
speaks for mommy god.
um and there's not a single place where
the word the hebrew word for spirit ruach
is written in it there's not a single
place where uh the hebrew word for mom
is written in it just as was the
case and the eighth proverb that they used
to declare their independence that they
didn't want to be affiliated with
All of these thirty-five books and
twenty-four years of research because
there was a psychotic woman that wanted to
go off on her own and have her
own following.
She claimed that the basis of that and
so did her followers was the Eighth Mashal
or proverb because it was the voice of
Spirit Mom.
Well,
the only problem with it is the same
thing.
There is no mention of an M, mom,
anywhere in it.
And there's no use of the word ruach,
which is spirit in Hebrew.
And so there is no mention of a
spirit mom.
What they were confused over is that it
was written to celebrate chakma.
Chakma is wisdom.
It's the ability to think rationally.
It's the very thing that these...
AI engines and the chatbots are trying to
provide for people who have lost the
ability to think.
And so it is this celebration of thinking
that uh the eighth proverb was written
about and chakma is a feminine noun so
when you when you speak of it you
would speak of of wisdom and intelligence
and rational um decision making this sort
of thing you would speak of it as
she because in the hebrew language chakma
is written in the feminine so they made
intelligence their mother god
not knowing that that was why the she
was used.
They made exactly the same mistake in the
hundred and fifty fourth Mismore where
Chakma appears again.
And it's the reason for the feminine third
person pronoun she.
And this whole process.
of people foregoing thinking,
of rational analysis,
of making intelligent connections between
things to understand is going away.
I'm quite certain that if Yahweh had
postponed the choice of Goy to reawaken
Yisrael to the benefits of the covenant
relationship,
even
One generation, twenty years,
it couldn't be done because there just
would not have been a guy who was
willing to think it through.
And it would have found that all of
them would have taken the easy way out
and used a AI to do it.
But, you know,
All an AI is, they don't think.
This is such a misnomer.
They're not intelligent.
It's a machine.
It's a computer.
It does not think.
It has no ability to be judgmental.
It is not intelligent.
What an AI engine does is it summarizes
readily available information
on the web.
And so since the most popular source of
data on the web is Wikipedia,
that's their first go.
They're going to go to Wikipedia and look
up the subject that you have,
and they're going to give you a report
based on that subject.
So if you ask them,
as they just did,
what is the story of the Choder in
Isaiah eleven,
it's going to say that it is a
messianic statement and that Christians
interpret it as the Christ where
Jews interpreted as this future Messiah
that's going to come and save them.
All it is is a compilation of prior
errors, all properly presented.
And so if you want a regurgitation of
why God had to pick this boy to
do this,
because no one previously understood,
you'll get that regurgitation
in an AI engine.
If you're gonna use AI intelligently,
you have to refine the search.
You have to say,
I want you to look at these documents.
I want you to translate or look at
translations that are done in the
following way.
I want you to recognize that we have
proven that the religion of Christianity
is false.
So don't look at Christian theologians.
And analyze it based upon the text itself
and all other related references in the
text.
Like, for example,
you want to look up Choder?
You're going to find it in the fourteenth
proverb.
But very few people are willing to go
to the effort because they can't think it
through as to what the AI engine is
capable of doing, what it cannot do,
and they can't use it correctly.
And it's garbage in, garbage out.
So here you go.
God, for the benefit of the relationship,
he picked Haggai, a non-Israelite,
a Gentile,
to reveal the way to get the most
out of life.
And that would be through the covenant.
That would be through the mikra,
the invitations to meet with God,
and through the sacrifice of God's beloved
son, Dode, in thirty-three CE.
through an appreciation of Yahweh's name.
And just to make this certain,
not only would it be a goy,
the goy would do what Israel is incapable
of doing right now,
acknowledging that his God is Yahweh.
There's only one goy.
And you want to go back to the
Garden of Eden,
which was six thousand years ago.
One guy that fits that definition.
One.
You're listening to him and looking at him
now.
That's just a fact.
Speaking of this guy,
he has chosen and he desires.
So this guy had free will.
He didn't have to do this.
Sometimes he wonders why did he volunteer
to do this?
Because the moment that God decided to
make this going known and to reveal his
name, to reveal his titles,
to reveal his purpose, yeah,
he made him a...
Someone to mock, someone to sneer at,
someone to throw your religiosity at,
just as he did with Moshe,
just as he did with Dote.
The religious are a tough damn crowd.
They're mean.
So are the conspiratorial.
So are the political.
You don't agree with them.
And you have ways to disprove what they
believe and they're ruthless.
So this is a tough damn job.
And yet God allowed this man to choose
this role.
And what he says is that when he
chose this role,
his desire was for the family and these
people.
The family would be the covenant family.
These people would be Yisrael.
be his inheritance he wants everything he
has done to produce in the end the
covenant family and to cause israel to
once again be reconciled unto yahweh
through their king dode such that they are
all one together prepared for yahweh's
return and able to enter
The millennial celebration of Sukkah.
So his inheritance.
Is the family.
Now.
He is not going to own them.
He gave birth to them.
They're his.
The Goy is the one.
By revealing the way to get the most
out of life.
And by choosing Yahweh as his God.
And by dedicating himself voluntarily to
this mission.
In collaboration with Yahweh.
is in the position where he not only
is the one cultivating the final two
harvests that deliver the covenant family
to Yahweh, Shabu and Teruah,
but on Teruah by sacrificing himself as
the bull.
He is the one who is delivering Yisrael
back to Dode as king,
back to Yahweh as God.
His first order of business on that day
is, here you go.
They are ready, they are prepared,
and they are yours.
Once you inherit something,
you have absolute authority to give them
away.
I am giving them to Dode and to
Yahweh.
I am not keeping them for myself.
So I've already thought this one through
and you can be assured that this is
going to be a gift to Yahweh and
to Dode.
I'll take responsibility for teaching
them.
And I think that that is an eight
year promise.
Absolute, total and complete commitment.
I came to that because Moshe served for
forty years,
Dode served as king for forty years,
and I will have served for thirty-two
years at the time of this gift being
presented.
and eight is the number for eternity uh
we have eight days of sukha and so
i think it's uh eight years it's either
it's going to seem like every day is
a year during the eight days of sukha
or it's eight years of intensive uh
training and it's interesting that it uh
on shabua on terua as well
There are eight individuals who accompany
myself to get this done,
all symbolic of eternity.
And by teaching this mortal remnant of
Yisrael,
we're going to give them the opportunity
to live forever.
So as I've shared with you,
Asher was the first of seven.
many many many hebrew words that i would
translate as i sought to better understand
yahweh's promises to dode his son and our
returning king beginning in second samuel
seven now this is what brought us all
together it was the first word translated
for all of these books that well now
are over twenty five thousand pages in
length
and it was used twice in this
acknowledgement after all it has been the
role of this goy to reveal the asher
the benefits of the relationship and asher
show the way to get the most out
of life through dode and on behalf of
yahweh for his people israel indeed yahweh
is my god and dode is his firstborn
son our savior and my king therefore it
is likely that we are reading
We are listening to, we are considering,
we are proclaiming the very fulfillment of
this prophecy in the Yahweh blog.
And we have done so through Yadda Yahweh.
Strongly implied by the introduction of
this ha-goy,
this non-Israelite into the narrative at
this point,
is that he is the one being depicted
choosing the people of the covenant family
as his inheritance.
While Yahweh and Dode have decided on this
as well,
Dode isn't speaking of himself in third
person,
and Yahweh's name was the last presented
name
well, two sentences previous to Ha-Goi,
who is revealing the benefits of the
relationship on behalf of his God.
So speaking of the Goi is inheriting this,
but it's going to be a really quick
handoff.
I'll be there to be devoted to educating
and caring for, nurturing.
Yes, flock is their return to him, but
They're Yahweh's and Dode's.
So should this be,
and I think it is the proper
interpretation,
then the possibility of inheriting this
wayward family, you know,
initially came across as a bit daunting
because of how they treated Yahweh and
Moshe as well as Dode in the past.
They were obnoxious during the Exodus and
horrible to Dode before he became king and
while he was king.
But of course, on further consideration,
we come to realize that they will all
be restored and purged of religious
rebellion by this time.
They will be tested and true,
even shown dependable and therefore
wonderful.
So while they weren't much of a prize
during the Exodus or towards Dode
thereafter, they will be now.
They are a tremendously wonderful gift.
to father and son,
because they have become the most valuable
treasure in the universe.
It's all been for this.
Further, while the attestation is,
I guess, appreciated,
this gesture is actually symbolic of
Haggai having contributed to their
well-being and being responsible for their
welfare through the teachings that are
part of these books that surround me,
and also his contributions in not only
cultivating the harvest,
but delivering the results on Teruah
through his sacrifice.
It is just so Yahweh to restore Yisrael
through a goy.
Yisrael went off and followed the ways of
the goy,
and it will be a goy that brings
them back to the ways that Yahweh intended
for Yehudim.
And as we know,
Yawa has the propensity to share credit
when he is the driving force behind the
achievement.
That is just his nature.
I can appreciate it.
Having been a CEO and chairman of public
companies,
I understand that mindset and how it
works.
And as a father,
we have that exact same perspective of our
children.
We'd much rather give them credit than
take credit ourselves.
So there is this realization that the
covenant is God's family and all this Goy
is doing is delivering and bathing them,
cleansing them in the end of their
religiosity and even doing so with
Yahweh's assistance.
And in fact,
that is why that introduction to the
Choder in the first statement that Dode
makes about him,
having him roar from the surging waters,
because it is those surging waters that
Yahweh was going to release under the
sacrifice of this bull that is going to
purge his people of the religiosity.
The story is interwoven and the themes are
layered on top of one another throughout
the word of God.
As is usually the case,
the ambiguity over whether ha-goi or
Yahweh is inheriting the responsibility
for the family.
You inherit something,
you're now responsible for it.
God always works through people of his
choosing.
So by having the goi intervene,
God is staying in character,
delivering exactly the same result,
just doing it his way.
Further,
since this boy represents and reports to
Dode, he is Dode's herald.
He is the lesser luminary and Dode is
the greater luminary.
He is a prince of the king.
He is his brother in the sense of
being the man from Edom that brings the
fractured family back together.
And he serves Dode's father.
The responsibility, therefore,
will be shared as are the joys of
having resolved all prior disagreements.
And in this, what Dode is acknowledging,
because he wrote these words,
is that I will be able to enjoy
the one thing I requested from God.
After we had our initial discussion and
said,
these are the three things I want if
we're going to proceed in this
relationship,
I told God once I knew that it
was going to deliver the covenant family
to him, that I just said,
I'd like to have the opportunity, please,
to be in the back of the room.
When you receive each covenant member who
became part of God's
your bereft family through these books
that we had collaborated on,
the Yada Yawa series.
I just thought it would be special to
see the expression on Yawa's face and the
joy in those that he had reached out
to and brought into his family the first
time that
they embrace.
That's one of the things I ask God
for.
I've asked it often and early on.
And what this says,
by literally presenting them to Yahweh,
that I'll get that request.
And more than just being in the back
of the room.
So it is
It's kind of like you'll be able to
say, you know, yeah, well, this is Rich.
He came to the covenant and recall his
process as he began to read and study
and learn and grow and then moved here
to the Virgin Islands to be the producer
of our program and to be an essential
part of contributing to the
Being able to disseminate this
information,
I'll be able to say this is rich.
And here's how all of this proceeded.
And he is one who has worked diligently
to increase the size of and the quality
of your family.
And so it's more than just being in
the back of the room.
I think it's going to include
introductions.
And I think it's just going to be
marvelous.
Now,
as you have listened and read these books,
you'll know that I very often write myself
into the narrative,
and I do so when the words point
in that direction.
I will always go where the words lead,
and if that is what they're saying,
I will accept the responsibility.
I do so in part because I want
to please God.
I will not run away from something that
he once achieved.
And if he is outlining here a goy
whose God is Yahweh,
who is focused on the Asher,
this benefits of the relationship and
pointing out the way to get the most
joy out of life,
I am not going to run away from
that.
I'm going to say, let's go,
let's do this.
We're going to be devoted to accomplishing
it to the greatest extent possible,
which is why I have put in a
hundred thousand hours, uh,
twenty-four years of six and seven days a
week and, uh,
ten to fourteen hours a day in this
mission.
So I will always accept responsibility if
that is appropriate,
but
What I want to encourage in all is
that rather than being covetous and say,
no, I want to be that person,
or I don't want him to be that
person in the case of the mother
goddesses,
you ought to celebrate everyone who's in a
position to contribute as God has just
outlined.
That's what you want to do.
You want there to be more, not less.
And you want everyone who is speaking for
Yahweh and advancing precisely what he is
discussing here to be received as credibly
as is possible so that you have God
pleased with the result.
And if you think that you want to
jump in and, well,
write your thirty-five books,
and you want to do a Yahweh blog,
and you're ready for that, by all means,
write yourself into the story.
But be really careful when you do,
that you are not contradicting anything or
working against anything that God's saying
here.
You're just an added component that's
advancing the same cause.
and doing so without any adversarial
tendency.
Otherwise,
you're gonna find yourself written out of
the story rather than into it.
Now,
the fact is we should all be about
our father's business.
We should though demean anyone who claims
to be about mother's monkey business.
So at this point, Yahweh,
he is still in Shamaim.
He told us as much in the book
of Hosha.
while his witnesses are going to be
focused on the restoration of his family.
And there will be two very special
witnesses that will arrive in twenty
thirty on the Temple Mount.
El Yah is one of them,
Yad is the other.
But what is uncertain from the text is
whether or not God is watching over all
of mankind or just paying attention to
Israelis who are being brought into the
Bereth,
which is the prime objective at this
moment.
I think it's the latter because Yahweh has
no interest in people who are overtly
religious, political, conspiratorial,
militant, or oblivious.
What do we say?
Suffering from nincompoopism.
To listen to him.
Further,
Yahweh's preference is to show his
appreciation for what is being achieved.
So here's the next line of the
thirty-third mizmor.
From the spiritual realm of the heavens,
Yahweh is perceptive and he is observant.
He sees what pertains to the entirety of
the offspring of this man.
Ha Adam.
Masculine singular.
All right.
When you read the book of Hosha,
clearly an inspired text,
Yahweh tells Hosha to marry a religious
prostitute.
Gomer is her name.
And he says so because he wants his
prophet speaking for him to be able to
emphasize, have some empathy.
for what he's going through.
Because the fact of the matter is that
Israel has been religious,
a religious whore for a very long time,
and they are more of a religious whore
today than at any time in their history,
which is the whole purpose of the
adulterous woman in Numbers five that has
to be purged by Numbers fifteen and
Numbers nineteen by the bull.
And so with his people being religious and
cheating on him with false gods,
Yahweh wrote his letter of divorce through
Hosha.
And he says,
I'm leaving you and I'm going to heaven.
That's what he is affirming here.
And that he's leaving,
he's going to heaven.
God's very clear that he is not going
to return until such time as his people
return to him.
And that would be Israel.
And it's Shub for Shub or no Shub
for you.
It was one of the reasons that we
know for certain that God could not have
arrived in thirty three CE as Christians
protest was the case with Jesus.
First of all, God is not a man.
God,
all of God wouldn't fit into the body
of a man under any circumstances ever.
If your God is that small,
your God is not God.
And of course, God cannot be killed,
but particularly by men.
So.
Yahweh said,
I'm not coming back until Yisrael has
returned to me.
And the whole thrust of the Christian New
Testament is that God got so mad at
the Jews for killing him that he condemned
them.
So that obviously has not occurred,
which means that God is still in the
spiritual realm,
according to the prophet Hosha.
Well, actually, according to Yahweh,
who spoke through the prophet Hosha,
which means there is no room for a
religion of Christianity.
And there is no room for Yahweh returning,
which he says he's going to do with
Dode,
while Israel is still separated from him.
They must return to him.
And that is the purpose of this goy.
That is his mission.
And he obviously succeeds because he is
inheriting the covenant family.
So from the spiritual realm of the
heavens,
Yahweh is perceptive and observant.
This now explains exactly the inheritance
of the people, which is Yisrael,
which he purges, and the family,
which is the covenant family.
He sees what pertains to the entirety of
the offspring, Eth, Kol, Bene,
all of the children of this man.
Hi, Adam.
We're talking about the covenant family.
We're talking about the mortal remnant of
Yisrael.
All the result of Yahweh's collaboration
through Haggai and not through any Haggai.
The Haggai whose God is Yahweh.
Do you have any grasp now of how
profoundly important
this Thirty-Third Psalm is and what it's
saying and how what it's saying is
undeniable.
And for anyone who has heard these words
to continue to be a Christian,
you're out of your element of mind.
You are believing that which is absolutely
false.
To be under the sway of Judaism is
to be ignorant and irrational.
It's a goy that's calling you back,
not a rabbi.
And his God is Yahweh, not Hashem.
To be amongst the mother goddesses in
rebellion who have web pages to denounce
myself and Yadda Yahweh is to have written
your ticket to Sheol under these
circumstances.
I don't know if there's members of that
cult who have the wherewithal to figure
this out and to leave before it's too
late or not.
But I can tell you that's where you
are right now.
And I hope for you that this admonition
from God that you're going to find in
the thirty fifth Mismore,
two psalms from this one.
was written in the imperfect such that you
have the opportunity to cease what you're
doing as opposed to the perfect where
you're done for your sake.
Not that it may make any difference for
the most of you.
From the spiritual realm of the heavens,
Yahweh is perceptive and observant.
He sees what pertains to the entirety of
the offspring of this man.
Once again,
we have options regarding the translation.
Ha Adam, which is the man, this man,
can be translated as the man or this
man, or even as the man named Adam.
But there would be no reason for the
definite article, the ha in Hebrew,
if the son's being viewed by God comprised
of all those born to mankind.
And this being the case,
this statement reinforces our earlier
interpretations.
Now,
since Yawa initiates contact with those he
is interested in knowing,
it is apparent that he is orchestrating
and enabling the result of what is being
achieved through this individual.
With his Torah guidance and Ruach spirit,
he has made everything we are witnessing
possible.
He has provided a full set of instructions
on how we can extend and perfect the
lives of his children.
And he's told us exactly what he expects
us to know, us to accept,
and for us to share.
All the while,
Yahweh remains concerned about the
survival of Yisrael.
During the time of trouble,
the situation will become a delicate
balancing act for God.
He must choose between his desire to
protect his people from complete
annihilation because
It would foreclose on the promises of
Teruah and the promise he made to Abraham
if they're completely destroyed,
but also standing down so that Jews
finally come to realize their culture and
their religion are counterproductive,
that they're not only incapable of saving
them, they're damning them.
God knows that it's only when he is
the only remaining option that they will
relent.
and they will return.
It is sad, but true.
And that is why he had to choose
a boy to get their attention.
Now, I thank you for listening.
I appreciate this opportunity to speak
with you.
We'll do a number of shows on this
very theme of Gabor being confident and
courageous and
so that we can deliver the very words
of our God at this vital time in
the life of his people.
Thank you for listening.
May God bless you all.